Fix EIT L0 reference_date fail (#8236)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/8236.bugfix.rst

> Ensure that ``GenericMap`` uses source specific accessor for the ``date-obs`` key. This fixes ``EITMap.reference_date``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that `~sunpy.map.GenericMap` uses the private accessor for the ``date-obs`` key, which can be overridden by a source subclass.
This fixes ``EITMap.reference_date``.
```
